deny all egress traffic during cluster creation (#17381)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/create-your-cluster.md

{% include cockroachcloud/filter-tabs/create-cluster-cloud.md %}

This page guides you through the process of creating a {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster using the [Cloud Console](https://cockroachlabs.cloud).

> To use the Cloud API instead, refer to [Use the Cloud API: Create a New Cluster]({% link cockroachcloud/cloud-api.md %}#create-a-new-cluster).
> 
> It is also possible to use the [Terraform provider for CockroachDB Cloud
> ](https://github.com/cockroachdb/terraform-provider-cockroach) to manage your cluster configuration with an [Infrastructure as code
> ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infrastructure_as_code) approach. Refer to: [Provision a CockroachDB Cloud Cluster with Terraform](provision-a-cluster-with-terraform.html?filters=dedicated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can also use the following to create a {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster instead:

- The Cloud API, refer to [Use the Cloud API: Create a New Cluster]({% link cockroachcloud/cloud-api.md %}#create-a-new-cluster).
- The [Terraform provider for CockroachDB Cloud
](https://github.com/cockroachdb/terraform-provider-cockroach). Use the Terraform provider to manage your cluster configuration with an [Infrastructure as code
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infrastructure_as_code) approach. Refer to: [Provision a CockroachDB Cloud Cluster with Terraform](provision-a-cluster-with-terraform.html?filters=dedicated).
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion for layout here of the two alternative creation options.
